so I am sitting here with my best girl
Melissa this is packing night for were
going off to Europe to see my daughter
and I thought I'd make a quick video of
the gift hold the gifts I'm bringing
across the ocean to her now I did this
about two years ago you may recall I
made a video before I want to meet my
daughter in Germany of all the gifts
laid out on a on a couch and now
appropriate this is get a whole bunch
gifts later the couch I do this partly
because I think my daughter might watch
the video one day and kind of vaguely
remember like oh yeah right I remember
having that thing when I was a kid I
didn't realize that my father taped that
to me or that my father brought that all
the way from China
one trip it was going from Canada
Germany and France and in this case
we're going from China to the South of
France
this is Peppa Pig and that's your first
hint right off the bat that my daughter
is still quite young she's into Peppa
Pig in a big way I'm told and this is
one Peppa Pig and the Peppa Pig is is a
backpack so it simultaneously is a pig
and a protagonist in a plot and a story
and is a backpack and then there is a
miniature bag of Peppa Pig there is
another Peppa Pig who goes inside the
backpack so philosophically that's a bit
hard to get your mind around but yes
this this smaller Peppa Pig I'm actually
going to take off this hook and place
see this is if sopin so you get a Peppa
Pig backpack with a Peppa Pig inside the
bag Belle thank you melissa is
demonstrating towards the heel that
stays yeah
the inner bigness and yeah and to me
Peppa Pig has a 12 door logo on that yes
and in terms of obscure 1990s cultural
references for me this is more of a
trogdor toy than it is the public okay
so that goes back in yeah as I say work
this what one reasons we have film this
now is that this is packing night and
I'm bringing all these toys from China
to Europe but I'm not going to bring all
the boxes that's for sure right so they
do you want to just open that up for for
kick or is the other one easier in terms
of getting the tape off I can get your
pair of scissors
ain't no thing so you say that all grab
scissors we got this is over here we did
actually open up one of these before so
I got to
of this Marble Madness toy and you know
I got to tell you it is it is the kind
of time I would have liked that when I
was a kid but they were expensive as
hell one as a kid and it's so expensive
this is made out of bamboo as it says
and it really does have a nice tactile
feel to it so like these pieces they
just do have a really nice color nice
texture a nice tactile feel and these
slats are more obviously made of real
bamboo and then there are these ropes
and so on but look you might as well
seal it up because from looking at the
interior of the box you have no idea
what it is when you assemble it and this
is what it's supposed to be when you
assemble it we sat down and we did
assemble it into that contraption last
night yeah this morning this morning and
it was intellectually exhausting like
then you know a lot of these toys they
kind of boast vaguely that it has some
kind of educational value for your kid
really yeah it does so it's like here
imaginative thinking cognitive abilities
fine motor skills it was hard work and
it was a lot more mentally exhausting
than I wanted to be trying to put it
together but anyway so at least now at
age 4 and maybe that's one that's going
to be fun for a couple of years these
two big blue boxes here are two
different sets of real wood blocks so
those are blocks of all different shapes
and sizes again nice tactile feel to
them you eat know you get the idea if
you've seen blocks they're traditional
conventional building blocks or if you
want to say so you're on the floor I
mean you know try to spend quality time
with your kid what are you going to do
I'm bringing her this miniature go here
the set the poles are really lovely
they're really they're really cute and
fun so you know you can you can use your
imagination a little bit here people but
you know you can actually rack up even
came at Chuck yeah I seen with the funny
little blue chalk to put on the cue and
pull juice it'll be a lot easier for a
four-year-old sized person to play than
what's for me my hands are too big to
use this thing but hopefully that's
something where you know you can you can
sit in the floor and spend some quality
time with your kid uh and then we're on
to digital digital entertainment
right oh yeah I don't think we're gonna
go through so we have some we have some
smalls well you got a kaleidoscope yeah
so again any of the video like this I
don't know maybe 20 years from now my
daughter season she's like that
kaleidoscope came all the way from China
I never realized because when I was a
kid I didn't realize anything
so look this is going to be the first
big arrival of video games in her life
and we got her not one but two Nintendo
2ds I think we've got to put stickers on
them so we can tell them apart a we got
some Homestar Runner stronger sick you
know good try to make that now try to
make that work I don't know but actually
we do not have stickers for them yet
because they're identical again right so
in my mind girlfriend here picked up a
whole bunch we I did do a ton of
research on this but she actually did
the shot yeah so you know the question
of what games you can play at 4 years
old 5 years old is actually quite
difficult to answer
we're playing Scrabble nah scribble
Nauts yeah so you know it is quite
tricky to get software that age why are
the two of them I only have one daughter
by the way she doesn't have any any
brothers or sisters but this is so you
can play two player competitive games
including Mario Kart 7 itself I mean at
her age Mario Kart 7 will be quite a
long time to master oh yeah well you're
better at this stuff than I am you can
you can totally play Mario Kart was my
best great but you know and after we
leave I assume my daughter can play
video games with her mom on that you
know completey player
also the friend this is a really unique
video game system so yeah I bought this
I think about two years ago now you know
this is the the Revo do you want to open
it up for them it's not that's not do so
more than two complex either so this is
really a unique system oh yeah you can
buy it on the internet but it's not made
by Sega or Nintendo and it
it's an emulator it's a software based
emulator sorry it has both software and
hardware they stimulation so you can pop
in a physical cartridge games from the
leave it in there for the not the
Nintendo DS the Nintendo Game Boy
Advance the Game Boy Advance right so
you have two different generations who
played gameboy advance games also plays
Sega Master System and
as indolence a bunch of other systems
too so for her and again this really
came out of my doing research into what
games can you play at that age a lot of
the current generation of games are much
too sophisticated Mario Kart 7 was one
of the few I could find was like well ok
at 4 years old you can get through it
but that really opens up the door to a
lot of retro gaming of course also at
low cost of the parents so maybe this is
going to be a positive in both of my
daughter's life maybe it could be the
Gateway to a life to have a video game
addiction right we we hope so yeah
that's that's the stack I don't know
babe any any comment I mean how how
exhausting was assembling this this
three dimensional marble puzzle that is
true but once you get the knack down
once you learn which pieces fit with
which pieces you wouldn't need the book
but when you're first doing it snapping
together the various slides and chutes
and some of them are was supposed to go
so that's it I'm going to see my
daughter in France and thus you guys
will not see me on YouTube for a little
while Alexander if you're watching this
video in the year 2025 maybe oh some
vague memory of these toys of the
bicycle I sent you when you were living
in France that was living in Canada it
is what it is well I remember my toys
from my childhood but do I remember who
gave them to me no I feel absolutely no
gratitude to the people who bought me
stuff when I was 6 years older it is old
and I don't expect you to feel any
gratitude